Original Document: Lease-Deed-for-a-term-of-years-Rent-Agreement-LawRato3.pdf
==================================================

SIMPLIFIED VERSION:
--------------------
Deed of Lease (for a Term of Years) Rent Agreement A lease agreement is simply a contract between a landlord. a tenant that states what the tenant will pay monthly for rent. for how long. The lease agreement outlines and details the obligations and responsibilities of the landlord (lessor) and the tenant (lessee). It determines the terms and condition between tenant and landlord. This draft of Deed of Lease (for a Term of Years) Rent Agreement was downloaded from LawRato. com Consult the best Documentation lawyer at http:lawrato. comdocumentation -lawyers Draft of Deed of Lease (for a Term of Years) Rent Agreement This Deed of Lease is made at. this. day of. between A of. from now on called The Lessor of the One Part and B also of. from now on called The Lessee of the Other Part. WHEREAS, the Lessor is absolutely seized. possessed of. otherwise well. sufficiently entitled to the land. premises described in the Schedule hereunder written. AND WHEREAS, the Lessor has agreed to grant to the Lessee a lease in respect of the said land and premises for a term of. years in the manner from now on appearing. Now This Deed Witnesseth as Follows: 1. In pursuance of the said agreement. in consideration of the rent hereby reserved. of the terms. conditions, covenants. agreements herein contained. on the part of the Lessee to be observed. performed the Lessor doth hereby demise unto the Lessee all that the said land. premises situated at. and described in the Schedule hereunder written (from now on for the brevitys sake referred to as the demised premises) to hold the demised premises unto the Lessee (and his heirs, executors, administrators. assigns) for a term of. years commencing from the 1st day of. , 2000,. subject to the earlier determination of this demise as from now on provided. yielding. paying therefor during the said term the monthly ground rent of Rs. free and clear of all deductions and strictly in advance on or before the 5th day of each and every calendar month. T he first of such monthly ground rent shall be paid on the 5th day of. and the later rent to be paid on or before the 5th day of every succeeding month regularly. 2. The Lessee hereby for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators. assigns. to the intent that the obligations herein contained shall continue throughout the term hereby created covenants with the Lessor as follows: a. To pay the ground rent hereby reserved on the days and in the manner aforesaid clears of all deductions. The first of such monthly rent as hereinbefore provided shall be paid on the 5th of. and the later rent shall be paid on the 5th day of every succeeding month regularly. If the -ground rent is not paid on the due dates the Lessee shall pay interest thereon at the rate of. per annum from the due date till payment, though the payment of Interest shall not entitle the Lessee to make default in payment of rent on due dates. b. To bear pay and discharge the existing and future rates. taxes. assessment duties, cess, impositions, outgoing. burdens whatsoever which may at any time. from time to time during the term hereby created be Imposed. charged upon the demised land. the building. structures standing thereon. on the buildings. structures hereafter to be erected. for the time being standing on the demised land. payable either by the owners, occupiers. tenants thereof. to keep the Lessor. his estate. effects Indemnified against all such payment. The annual Municipal and other taxes at present are Rs. c. To keep the buildings. structures on the demised premises ,in good. tenantable repairs in the same way as the Lessor is liable to do under the law if if the Lessee so desires he shall have power to demolish any existing building. structure without being accountable to the Lessor for the building material of such building. structure. the Lessee shall have also power to construct any new buildings in their place. d. The Lessee shall be at liberty to carry out any additions. alterations to the buildings. structures at present existing on the demised premises. to put up any extra structures. buildings on the demised premises In accordance with the plans approved by the authorities at any time. from time to time during the subsistence of the term hereby created. e. Not to sell. dispose of any earth, gravel. sand from the demised land. not to excavate the same except so far as may be necessary for the execution of construction work. f. To use. permit to be used the buildings. structures to be constructed on the demised premises for any. all lawful purposes as may be permitted by the authorities from time to time. 3. The Lessor doth hereby covenant with the Lessee that: a. the Lessor now has in himself good right full power. absolute authority to demise unto the Lessee the demised premises. the buildings. structures standing thereon In the manner herein appearing. b. that on the Lessee paying the said monthly ground rent on the due dates thereof. in the manner herein provided. observing. performing the covenants. conditions,. stipulations herein contained. on his part to be observed. performed shall. may peaceably. quietly hold, possess. enjoy the demised premises together with the buildings. structures standing thereon during the term hereby created without any eviction, interruption, disturbance, claim. demand whatsoever by the Lessor. any person. persons lawfully. equitably claiming by, from, under. in trust for him. 4. It is hereby agreed. declared that these presents are granted on the express condition that if the said monthly ground rent. any part thereof payable in the manner herein before mentioned shall be an arrea rs for the space of. months after the same shall have become due. payable on any of the said days wherein the same ought to be paid as aforesaid whether the same shall. shall not be legally demanded. If any of the covenants. stipulations herein contained. on the part of the Lessee to be observed. performed shall not be so observed. performed by the Lessee. If the Lessee shall raise an objection to the amount of the monthly ground rent hereby fixed for any reason whatsoever then. in such event it shall be lawful for the Lessor. any person. persons duly authorised by him in that behalf at any time hereafter to enter into. upon the land. premises. the buildings. structures constructed. to he constructed thereon. any part. parts thereof in the name of the whole. the same to have, possess. enjoy. thereupon this demise shall absolutely decide. without prejudice to the right of action of the Lessor in respect of any breach of any of the covenants by the Lessee herein contained PROVIDED ALWAYS that, no re -entry shall be made under the foregoing power for breach of the covenants. stipulations herein contained. on the part of the Lessee to be observed. performed (save. except the covenant for payment of rent) unless. until the Lessor shall have given to the Lessee a notice in writing specifying the covenants. conditions. stipulations which require to be complied with. carried out. the Lessee shall have failed to comply with. carry out the same within. month from the date of the receipt of by such notice. 5. And it is hereby expressly agreed and declared between the parties as follows a. On the expiration of the term hereby created. earlier determination under the provisions hereof all the buildings. structures standing on the demised land shall automatically vest in the Lessor without payment of any compensation therefor by the Lessor to the Lessee. b. The Lessee shall not be entitled, without obtaining In writing the permission of the Lessor, to assign mortgage, sublet (except to the extent of creating monthly tenancies). otherwise part with possession of the demised premises. any of them. any part thereof. the buildings. structure standing thereon though such permission shall not be unreasonably withheld. IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Lessor. the Lessee have put their respective hands on the original. duplicate hereof the day. year first herein above written. THE SCHEDULE ABOVE REFERRED TO Signed and delivered by the Withinnamed Lessor. in the presence of. Signed and delivered by the Withinnamed Lessee. in the presence of

==================================================
DETECTED CLAUSES:
--------------------
1. Deed of Lease (for a Term of Years) Rent Agreement A lease agreement is simply a contract between a landlord and a tenant that states what the tenant will pay monthly for rent and for how long
2. The lease agreement outlines and details the obligations and responsibilities of the landlord (lessor) and the tenant (lessee)
3. This draft of Deed of Lease (for a Term of Years) Rent Agreement was downloaded from LawRato
4. comdocumentation -lawyers Draft of Deed of Lease (for a Term of Years) Rent Agreement This Deed of Lease is made at
5. WHEREAS, the Lessor is absolutely seized and possessed of or otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to the land and premises described in the Schedule hereunder written
6. AND WHEREAS, the Lessor has agreed to grant to the Lessee a lease in respect of the said land and premises for a term of
7. In pursuance of the said agreement and in consideration of the rent hereby reserved and of the terms and conditions, covenants and agreements herein contained and on the part of the Lessee to be observed and performed the Lessor doth hereby demise unto the Lessee all that the said land and premises situated at
8. T he first of such monthly ground rent shall be paid on the 5th day of
9. The Lessee hereby for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns and to the intent that the obligations herein contained shall continue throughout the term hereby created covenants with the Lessor as follows: a
10. To pay the ground rent hereby reserved on the days and in the manner aforesaid clears of all deductions
